E1 MIGRATION BASELINE RECEIPT
Date: 2026-07-26
Scope: repair the seven migration-relevant baseline failures before extraction

BUILD
Command: npm run build
Result: PASS
Server: TypeScript build clean
Web: Vite production build clean (69 modules transformed)

FOCUSED COMPONENT TESTS
Command: node --import tsx --test apps/server/test/close-invoice-payment-flow.test.mjs apps/server/test/ledger-foundation.test.mjs apps/server/test/job-lifecycle.test.mjs apps/server/test/request-foundation.test.mjs apps/server/test/schedule-home-activity.test.mjs
Result: PASS, 35/35

1. draft invoices stay fully editable through line items, discount, tax, and terms until delivery locks them
2. closing without invoicing creates a recurring 9AM reminder that advances until dismissal
3. combining a selected subset of jobs keeps per-job references and carries the chosen payment schedule
4. invoice delivery honors global defaults first, then per-invoice overrides for email and SMS payloads
5. default invoice delivery templates keep labeled pay-link and hosted-link content at the shared template layer
6. saved-card reuse defaults to the newest card, supports alternate selection, and keeps manual/failed branches distinct
7. receipt review sends email attachments and an SMS hosted link from the same paused review
8. receipt review sends a real field report PDF attachment when NexCam already generated one for the job
9. PayPal and Venmo checkout helpers create sandbox orders and capture completed payments
10. Nexi billing tools run combine, send, partial collect, failed recovery, and receipt review approval loops in chat
11. legacy job schema and in-memory native repository normalize stored jobs onto the new lifecycle rail
12. request and quote conversions land as Unscheduled and invoice reminders clear only by invoice or dismissal
13. moving a visit cancels old reminder timers and creates a fresh pair for the new slot
14. due visit reminders auto-send email and sms with technician and access-note context
15. technicians can complete visits but stay blocked from office-only close and invoice authority
16. Nexi job tools create, read, revise, and execute lifecycle actions through chat-native approvals
17. quote deposit bridge migrates into first-class payment, deposit, receipt review, and saved card records without rewriting the quote snapshot
18. invoice sync auto-applies deposits and credits, and overdue only marks awaiting-payment invoices
19. Stripe checkout uses tenant Connect headers with zero application fee and charges only the current balance due
20. payment states progress through pending, succeeded, partially_refunded, and refunded with separate refund and receipt-review records
21. invoice and refund receipt reviews carry the default invoice, quote, report, photo, and job-file attachments
22. one payment stays on one invoice and overpayment rolls forward as credit instead of splitting across invoices
23. the ledger model already accepts PayPal and Venmo slots even though the live adapter is deferred
24. draft invoices stay draft and failed payments do not settle the invoice
25. void and bad debt stay distinct, and ledger chat tools require OWNER or OFFICE_ADMIN for execution
26. request routes create, update, convert, archive, and reopen while preserving intake fields
27. local Nexi request tools clarify missing intake data, then create and recall real requests
28. client record route toggles marketing consent and forwards the NexReach revocation hook
29. operations hub activity feed renders every currently-defined lifecycle event type with deep-link targets
30. documentation activity counts photo uploads and checklist completions with owner-wide and technician-self fencing
31. operations hub schedule, home queues, and activity stay role-aware for owner and technician
32. home queues keep zero states, non-zero counts, exact filter targets, and Today/Upcoming/Unscheduled routing for the office rail
33. CRM schedule, home, activity, and notification routes expose live workspace data and unread-state changes
34. CRM scheduling tools queue unscheduled jobs, create 25-visit series, shift remaining visits, and read role-aware queues
35. Nexi conversational scheduling, shifting, schedule lookup, and home triage use the new Job 6/7 tools through chat-native approvals

FULL SUITE
Command: npm test
Result: KNOWN-RED BASELINE, 331/339 passing and exactly 8 unrelated failures

1. campaign routes expose template, test-run, tracking, unsubscribe, and stats
2. local Nexi chat can search documents, queue a folder, approve it, queue an upload, and approve it
3. M10 routes are owner/admin gated and queue tenant provisioning approval
4. M8 operator UI customization is tenant-scoped and owner/admin gated
5. NexReach local Nexi loop accepts underscore ids through generate, approve, and refusal flow
6. platform routes expose tenants, test subscription, backup, and export
7. platform routes manage tenant users and job links without leaking token hashes by default
8. tenant users seed Aquatrace roles and produce Firebase custom claims

BOUNDARY NOTE
The eight remaining failures do not exercise Contact, Quote, Job, Visit, Invoice,
Settings, Catalog, Address/Location, Document Rendering, Numbering, or Payment Rails
code being moved in the next extraction slices. They remain visible and tracked; they
were not hidden, skipped, or converted to expected failures.
