E2 SHARED DOCUMENT RENDERING RECEIPT
Date: 2026-07-26
Scope: generic PDF/HTML engines with component-owned quote and invoice PDF templates

BUILD
Command: npm run build
Result: PASS
Server: TypeScript project references clean
Web: Vite production build clean, 71 modules transformed
Main browser chunk: 247.60 kB (60.04 kB gzip), unchanged from Address checkpoint

FOCUSED TESTS
Command: node --import tsx --test apps/server/test/document-rendering.test.mjs apps/server/test/crm-read-side.test.mjs apps/server/test/close-invoice-payment-flow.test.mjs apps/server/test/client-hub-review-followup.test.mjs
Result: PASS, 42/42

1. client hub sessions authenticate, reverify after 14 days, and keep property-scoped viewers isolated
2. client hub shows NexCam visit documents by default and removes them when the job rail is opted out
3. portal client uploads land directly, stay visible to staff immediately, and absorb office records into the unified NexDocs rail
4. portal appointment confirmation stamps the visit and surfaces the event to client and staff rails
5. client statements keep tips separate from invoice balance and can be delivered from the hub
6. review sequences honor exhaustion, opt-out, and manual stop without auto-restarting closed jobs
7. Nexi client-hub and review tools send portal links, read activity, generate statements, and restart then complete review rails
8. local Nexi chat routes portal and review intents through the new client-hub tools
9. draft invoices stay fully editable through line items, discount, tax, and terms until delivery locks them
10. closing without invoicing creates a recurring 9AM reminder that advances until dismissal
11. combining a selected subset of jobs keeps per-job references and carries the chosen payment schedule
12. invoice delivery honors global defaults first, then per-invoice overrides for email and SMS payloads
13. default invoice delivery templates keep labeled pay-link and hosted-link content at the shared template layer
14. saved-card reuse defaults to the newest card, supports alternate selection, and keeps manual/failed branches distinct
15. receipt review sends email attachments and an SMS hosted link from the same paused review
16. receipt review sends a real field report PDF attachment when NexCam already generated one for the job
17. PayPal and Venmo checkout helpers create sandbox orders and capture completed payments
18. Nexi billing tools run combine, send, partial collect, failed recovery, and receipt review approval loops in chat
19. CRM quote and invoice native schemas parse
20. NativeAdapter exposes CRM read methods
21. native import upserts remain idempotent by legacy CRM external ids
22. NativeAdapter writes native clients and approval-gated quote drafts
23. NexOps 3.2 client records preserve display, billing, and one-way SMS settings
24. CRM read nexi-tools expose pipeline and client lookup
25. CRM clientLookup stays unmatched and never calls a dormant fallback on native misses
26. CRM write nexi-tools cover client create, quote draft, catalog/template settings, and invoice reads
27. seeded catalog UTF-8 punctuation survives native settings round-trip
28. CRM createClient tool blocks approval when telephone is missing
29. CRM client route rejects incomplete saves before a client record is created
30. CRM routes read clients created by ApprovalQueue execution from the shared native repository
31. CRM client delete route removes property-only duplicates and blocks clients with linked work
32. CRM quick payment request routes create minimal ledger-backed invoices from job and client fast paths
33. CRM quote routes create, send, approve, convert, invoice, and renew quotes
34. CRM quote change requests store per-line comments plus a freeform note
35. Quote materialization preserves custom lines and future client-selectable fields
36. Quote terms resolve tenant default, then template override, then per-quote override
37. TECHNICIAN role is blocked from manual quote approval authority
38. NativeAdapter writes invoices and renders invoice PDFs
39. Stripe rail refuses live keys and verifies webhook signatures
40. shared Document Rendering escapes HTML and PDF payload text
41. shared Document Rendering writes a valid text PDF without owning document wording
42. Quote Engine and Invoice Structure own distinct PDF templates

FULL SUITE
Command: npm test
Result: KNOWN-RED BASELINE, 337/345 passing and exactly 8 unrelated failures

1. campaign routes expose template, test-run, tracking, unsubscribe, and stats
2. local Nexi chat can search documents, queue a folder, approve it, queue an upload, and approve it
3. M10 routes are owner/admin gated and queue tenant provisioning approval
4. M8 operator UI customization is tenant-scoped and owner/admin gated
5. NexReach local Nexi loop accepts underscore ids through generate, approve, and refusal flow
6. platform routes expose tenants, test subscription, backup, and export
7. platform routes manage tenant users and job links without leaking token hashes by default
8. tenant users seed Aquatrace roles and produce Firebase custom claims

BOUNDARY NOTE
The compatibility file apps/server/src/crm/quotePdf.ts still contains both portal HTML
templates. This is tracked migration work, not claimed separation. E4 Quote Engine and
Invoice Structure must move those portal templates into their respective component
folders while preserving this facade only for old import paths.

No browser was opened. PDF and portal behavior was verified by builds and automated
tests under the standing no-browser rule.
