E2 SHARED NUMBERING RECEIPT
Date: 2026-07-26
Scope: tenant-scoped sequential numbering for requests, quotes, jobs, invoices, and receipts

BUILD
Command: npm run build
Result: PASS
Server: TypeScript project references clean
Web: Vite production build clean, 72 modules transformed
Main browser chunk: 247.60 kB (60.03 kB gzip)

FOCUSED TESTS
Command: node --import tsx --test apps/server/test/numbering-service.test.mjs apps/server/test/crm-read-side.test.mjs apps/server/test/ledger-foundation.test.mjs apps/server/test/close-invoice-payment-flow.test.mjs apps/server/test/job-lifecycle.test.mjs apps/server/test/request-foundation.test.mjs
Result: PASS, 53/53

1. draft invoices stay fully editable through line items, discount, tax, and terms until delivery locks them
2. closing without invoicing creates a recurring 9AM reminder that advances until dismissal
3. combining a selected subset of jobs keeps per-job references and carries the chosen payment schedule
4. invoice delivery honors global defaults first, then per-invoice overrides for email and SMS payloads
5. default invoice delivery templates keep labeled pay-link and hosted-link content at the shared template layer
6. saved-card reuse defaults to the newest card, supports alternate selection, and keeps manual/failed branches distinct
7. receipt review sends email attachments and an SMS hosted link from the same paused review
8. receipt review sends a real field report PDF attachment when NexCam already generated one for the job
9. PayPal and Venmo checkout helpers create sandbox orders and capture completed payments
10. Nexi billing tools run combine, send, partial collect, failed recovery, and receipt review approval loops in chat
11. CRM quote and invoice native schemas parse
12. NativeAdapter exposes CRM read methods
13. native import upserts remain idempotent by legacy CRM external ids
14. NativeAdapter writes native clients and approval-gated quote drafts
15. NexOps 3.2 client records preserve display, billing, and one-way SMS settings
16. CRM read nexi-tools expose pipeline and client lookup
17. CRM clientLookup stays unmatched and never calls a dormant fallback on native misses
18. CRM write nexi-tools cover client create, quote draft, catalog/template settings, and invoice reads
19. seeded catalog UTF-8 punctuation survives native settings round-trip
20. CRM createClient tool blocks approval when telephone is missing
21. CRM client route rejects incomplete saves before a client record is created
22. CRM routes read clients created by ApprovalQueue execution from the shared native repository
23. CRM client delete route removes property-only duplicates and blocks clients with linked work
24. CRM quick payment request routes create minimal ledger-backed invoices from job and client fast paths
25. CRM quote routes create, send, approve, convert, invoice, and renew quotes
26. CRM quote change requests store per-line comments plus a freeform note
27. Quote materialization preserves custom lines and future client-selectable fields
28. Quote terms resolve tenant default, then template override, then per-quote override
29. TECHNICIAN role is blocked from manual quote approval authority
30. NativeAdapter writes invoices and renders invoice PDFs
31. Stripe rail refuses live keys and verifies webhook signatures
32. legacy job schema and in-memory native repository normalize stored jobs onto the new lifecycle rail
33. request and quote conversions land as Unscheduled and invoice reminders clear only by invoice or dismissal
34. moving a visit cancels old reminder timers and creates a fresh pair for the new slot
35. due visit reminders auto-send email and sms with technician and access-note context
36. technicians can complete visits but stay blocked from office-only close and invoice authority
37. Nexi job tools create, read, revise, and execute lifecycle actions through chat-native approvals
38. quote deposit bridge migrates into first-class payment, deposit, receipt review, and saved card records without rewriting the quote snapshot
39. invoice sync auto-applies deposits and credits, and overdue only marks awaiting-payment invoices
40. Stripe checkout uses tenant Connect headers with zero application fee and charges only the current balance due
41. payment states progress through pending, succeeded, partially_refunded, and refunded with separate refund and receipt-review records
42. invoice and refund receipt reviews carry the default invoice, quote, report, photo, and job-file attachments
43. one payment stays on one invoice and overpayment rolls forward as credit instead of splitting across invoices
44. the ledger model already accepts PayPal and Venmo slots even though the live adapter is deferred
45. draft invoices stay draft and failed payments do not settle the invoice
46. void and bad debt stay distinct, and ledger chat tools require OWNER or OFFICE_ADMIN for execution
47. shared Numbering formats and advances without owning component prefixes
48. shared Numbering backfills the receipt format on legacy four-sequence settings
49. memory Numbering reserves unique parallel sequences independently per tenant and kind
50. Numbering preview rejects settings from another tenant
51. request routes create, update, convert, archive, and reopen while preserving intake fields
52. local Nexi request tools clarify missing intake data, then create and recall real requests
53. client record route toggles marketing consent and forwards the NexReach revocation hook

FULL SUITE
Command: npm test
Result: KNOWN-RED BASELINE, 341/349 passing and exactly 8 unrelated failures

1. campaign routes expose template, test-run, tracking, unsubscribe, and stats
2. local Nexi chat can search documents, queue a folder, approve it, queue an upload, and approve it
3. M10 routes are owner/admin gated and queue tenant provisioning approval
4. M8 operator UI customization is tenant-scoped and owner/admin gated
5. NexReach local Nexi loop accepts underscore ids through generate, approve, and refusal flow
6. platform routes expose tenants, test subscription, backup, and export
7. platform routes manage tenant users and job links without leaking token hashes by default
8. tenant users seed Aquatrace roles and produce Firebase custom claims

ATOMICITY PROOF
- FirestoreNativeCrmRepository uses Firestore runTransaction on crmSettings/{tenantId}.
- MemoryNativeCrmRepository serializes all sequence-kind mutations per tenant because
  every kind shares the same settings record.
- The focused parallel test reserves two receipts plus a quote for one tenant and a
  receipt for another tenant, proving unique values and no cross-tenant sequence use.

No browser was opened. Settings/UI compatibility was verified by the Vite build and
server/web automated tests under the standing no-browser rule.
